Winning Model for Kaggle See-Click-Fix Contest
============================================================
Prize winning solution to the SeeClickFix contest hosted on Kaggle.  Developed by teammates Bryan Gregory and Miroslaw Horbal.

More contest info here: http://www.kaggle.com/c/see-click-predict-fix

Description
=============
Code for generating an ensemble submission using base submission files generated by our team's individual models, which are located in subfolders under /Bryan/ and /Miroslaw/. The code uses segment based averaging to combine the submissions, based on 5 primary segments identified in the data (remote_api, Chicago, Oakland, New Haven, and Richmond). 

The code also has options to perform averaging in log space (log transformations are performed prior to averaging) and to apply final scalars to the ensemble predictions. Both of these settings were found to increase model accuracy and were used in our winning submission, therefore those settings are defaulted to on.

Independent code repositories for the individual models are available here:

Bryan's model: https://github.com/theusual/kaggle-see-click-fix

Miroslaw's model: https://github.com/beegieb/kaggle_see_click_fix

Usage
========
Ensemble weights for each segment of data are stored in SETTINGS.json along with the filepaths for the base input submission files and other misc. settings. Note that with regards to weights base submission 0 corresponds to Bryan's model and base submission 1 is Miroslaw's model.

Prior to running, submission files from the base models must already exist and have the correct file path set in SETTINGS.json.  If the submission files do not exist, then the individual models must first be ran from within their sub folders to create the base submission files.

To run the ensemble code and generate ensemble submission:

      >>> python main.py
      
Requirements
================
      FOR ENSEMBLE CODE ONLY:
      PYTHON >= 2.6
      PANDAS >= .11
      NUMPY

      FOR INDIVIDUAL MODEL CODE:
      PYTHON >= 2.6
      PANDAS >= .11
      NUMPY
      SKLEARN >= .13
      SCIPY >= .12
